经历让人变得不同

"I have no plans for today, want to grab a coffee? You can tell me how you've been." she says while smiling.
"Sure." You nod.

 You quickly reply without thinking.

"I am getting really scared..." Someone said, "I have to get off at the next stop!"

everthing will be fine.
You try to reassure yourself. But you can see the panic in people's eyes.

 He wears a head-mounted camera. 

"What do you want?" You shouted.


 He wears a black t-shirt and shorts,He looks quite young, 16 or 17 at the oldest. There is something odd with him.

The boy let out a small laugh,


"You are the only person in this carriage." He smiles and points to the door.

He looks at you with interest. He is about your age, 

Wait a moment! The phone... Why 

 Cruel and merciless.


Suddenly, you see a blur of movement as the boy kicks your hand, forcing you to let go of the handle and sending your body flying out of the window of the train.
You see nothing but the ground for a moment as you fly forward, and then everything goes black.
you are dead.
You look your own broken corpse blooming like a red rose, bones cracked like broken twigs, half of your brain painted on the grass. You can see it all, and you are dead.
"You are not a hero."
You are dead.
"You will never be remembered."
You,,,are,,,dead.
"The only thing that exists now is the novella that I will write about you."
You are dead.
You look at your own corpse and listen to the monster's monologue.
"You do not exist anymore."
You feel dead. You are dead. You will always be dead.

You need to pull the lever down and activate the brake immediately.But you don't know what will happen after you do that. For all you know, the brakes could lock up and cause the train to crash at full speed.
For all you know, nothing will happen and the train will keep on going. But that's very unlikely as there would be no story to tell if that was the case.


Choose the story you want.

"You fucking pussy." He spits out. 

"You chose the moral high ground. How do you feel, knowing that ?"

You stagger over to him, pulling him up by the collar. He laughs in your face.

The train stops just as it reaches the curved section. The emergency brake has prevented the train from falling off the bridge...

"Then, it was nice knowing you all." 

You close your eyes, and pull down the handle above the door. The red and silver bar drops down, and makes a loud squeaking sound.


The train enters the bridge, as it starts to pick up even more speed. The boy looks at you with a menacing stare. His deep black eyes pierce through your very being.But you can also see something different in his eyes. You can see excitement and joy.
"We're all dead." He says in a monotone voice, as he picks up his bag.
His eyes are now full of fear and excitement. "I hope you all rest in peace." He says.


deaths are all around you, people are screaming in terror 

"Body is a heavy burden." The boy repeats what you said to him earlier.

The boy seems irritated by the girl's interruption.


You notice a man in a gray suit. He looks like a secret service. He must be here to protect the mayor. You walk towards him and ask, 

P. P. B.C. [Personal Partial Bio-Computer]
connected directly to the cortex. Records neuronal impulses. Senses emotions. Portable Internet terminal. Weapons: Taser, pistol, assault rifle.

He is tall, slim and skinny. He has brown hair, pale skin and brown eyes. Likewise, he is younger than you by at least 6 or more years.

You chuckle. "No offense, but the German government is not going to waste their time protecting a middle eastern minister."
Barrett got mad. "I am not middle eastern and neither is he."

Your earpiece crackles.
"I think I saw something."

"Crazy drunk great-grandmas could be a dangerous foe." You answer without looking back.

BAM! A loud noise came from a building near you. It seems there is a fire-fight.
"There he is!"
Goddammit.

" Shut up!"A vein pops in your forehead.
Suddenly, a large wall of people go down from the opposite direction and drown you.

"I would bet 20 bucks that he'll fall over himself in 30..." Before he could finish his sentence, a loud bang interrupted him.

"Bye, see you later, Wolfie." You give your husband another kiss before he leaves.

Time passes by quickly, and soon it's time for the New Year's countdown. Everyone is beginning to count along with the MC.

Barrett pulls a face.
"Do you want me to kick your ass?"
"What a tough guy." You roll your eyes,"If you two are finished, I..."

You are going to hit the back of his head, but you stop yourself.
Barrett sighs and goes away. Your husband winks at you.
You let out a long breath.

 a wry smile.